# hello-world
just a test
Americans that they have even given it a religious basis. They say all people have been "createdequal." Most Americans believe that God views all humans alike without regard to intelligence,physical condition or economic status. In secular terms this belief is translated into the assertionthat all people have an equal opportunity to succeed in life. Americans differ in opinion about how tomake this ideal into a reality. Yet virtually all agree that equality is an important civic and social goal.xxx The equality concept often makes Americans seem strange to foreign visitors. Seven-eighths ofthe world feels quite differently. To them, rank and status and authority are seen as much moredesirable considerations—even if they personally happen to find themselves near the bottom of thesocial order. Class and authority seem to give people in those other societies a sense of securityand certainty. People outside the United States consider it reassuring to know, from birth, who theyare and where they fit into the complex system called "society". xxx Many highly-placed foreign visitors to the United States are insulted by the way they are treatedby service personnel (such as waiters in restaurants, clerks in stores, taxi drivers, etc.). Americanshave an aversion to treating people of high position in a deferential manner, and, conversely oftentreat lower class people as if they were very important. Newcomers to the United States shouldrealize that no insult or personal indignity is intended by this lack of deference to rank or position insociety. A 
